Add Bucket Web (Actions) documentation (#5802)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/bucket-web/index.md

---
title: 'Bucket Web (Actions) Destination'
hidden: true
id: 656dc9330d1863a8870bacd1

> published: true

Reviewer: I think this value is [set to true by default](https://github.com/segmentio/segment-docs/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md#utility-front-matter), so you can probably remove it
```suggestion
```

beta: true
versions:
  - name: "Bucket (Classic)"
    link: '/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/bucket'
---

{% include content/plan-grid.md name="actions" %}

> [Bucket](https://bucket.co/?utm_source=segmentio&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners){:target="blank"} is feature-focused analytics. Bucket empowers software teams with a repeatable approach to shipping features that satisfy customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Bucket](https://bucket.co/?utm_source=segmentio&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners){:target="blank"} is a feature-focused analytics software that empowers software teams with a repeatable approach to shipping features that satisfy customers.
```

Bucket maintains this destination. For any issues with the destination, [contact the Bucket Support team](mailto:support@bucket.co).

> warning ""

> > If you are using both the "Bucket Web (Actions)"-destination and the server side ["Bucket"-destination](/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/bucket/) on the same source, avoid duplicate event tracking by disabling the "Track Event"-mapping in "Bucket Web (Actions)".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you are using both the Bucket Web (Actions) destination and the server side [Bucket destination](/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/bucket/) on the same source, avoid duplicate event tracking by disabling the "Track Event" mapping in Bucket Web (Actions).
```

## Benefits of Bucket Web (Actions) compared to Bucket Classic

Bucket Web (Actions) provides the following benefits over the classic Bucket destination:

> - **Clearer mapping of data**. Actions-based destinations let you define the mapping between the data Segment receives from your source and the data Segment sends to the destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clearer mapping of data. Actions-based destinations let you define the mapping between the data Segment receives from your source and the data Segment sends to the destination.
```

- Automatically enables [Live Satisfaction](https://bucket.co/live-satisfaction){:target="_blank"} prompts in your app, giving you fully-automated customer satisfaction scores and feedback on your features.

## Getting started

1. From the Destinations catalog page in the Segment App, click **Add Destination**.

> 2. Search for `"Bucket Web"` in the Destinations Catalog, and select the `Bucket Web (Actions)` destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Search for "Bucket Web" in the Destinations Catalog, and select the Bucket Web (Actions) destination.
```

> 3. Choose which source should send data to the Bucket destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select a source to send data to the Bucket destination.
```

4. Go to [Bucket's Settings](https://app.bucket.co){:target="blank"} and find and copy the Tracking Key on the Tracking page.
5. Enter the Tracking Key as Tracking Key in the "Bucket Web (Actions)" destination settings in Segment.

{% include components/actions-fields.html %}

## Content security policies (CSP)

> If you are running with strict Content Security Policies active on your website, you will need to enable these directives in order to use this destination:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running with strict Content Security Policies active on your website, you must enable these directives in order to use this destination:
```
